Clarify partial update of settings via POST request (#305)
meilisearch/documentation: references/settings.md

Updating the settings means overwriting the default settings of MeiliSearch. You can reset to default values using the `DELETE` routes.
:::

> It is also possible to partially update your settings using a POST request to `Settings`, containing only the parameters that you want to modify. Parameters that are not present in the request body will keep their current configuration and WONT be modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates in the settings route are **partial**. This means that any parameters not provided in the body will be left unchanged.
```

Reviewer: Could you add this one after the explanation in ## Update settings

| **displayedAttributes**  | [Strings] | Fields displayed in the returned documents                                       | All attributes found in the documents                                                             |
| **acceptNewFields**      | Boolean   | Defines whether new fields should be searchable and displayed or not             | `true`                                                                                            |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Any parameters not provided will be left unchanged.

```

Author: Added the `warning`
